<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<refentry id='reglookup-recover.1'>
  <!--  $Id$ -->
  <refmeta>
    <refentrytitle>reglookup</refentrytitle>
    <manvolnum>1</manvolnum>
    <refmiscinfo class="sectdesc">File Conversion Utilities</refmiscinfo>
  </refmeta>
  <refnamediv id='name'>
    <refname>reglookup-recover</refname>
    <refpurpose>Windows NT+ registry deleted data recovery tool</refpurpose>
  </refnamediv>

  <refsect1 id='synopsis'>
    <title>SYNOPSIS</title>
    <para>
      <command>
	reglookup-recover [options] <replaceable>registry-file</replaceable>
      </command> 
    </para>
  </refsect1>

  <refsect1 id='description'>
    <title>DESCRIPTION</title>
    <para>
        reglookup-recover attempts to scour a Windows registry hive for 
        deleted data structures and outputs those found in a CSV-like format.
    </para>
  </refsect1>

  <refsect1 id='options'>
    <title>OPTIONS</title>
    <para>
      <command>reglookup-recover</command> accepts the following parameters:
    </para>

    <variablelist remap='IP'>
      <varlistentry>
        <term>
          <option>-v</option>
        </term>
        <listitem>
	  <para>
	    Verbose output.
	  </para>
        </listitem>
      </varlistentry>
    </variablelist>

    <variablelist remap='IP'>
      <varlistentry>
        <term>
          <option>-h</option>
        </term>
        <listitem>
	  <para>
	    Enables the printing of a column header row. (default)
	  </para>
        </listitem>
      </varlistentry>
    </variablelist>

    <variablelist remap='IP'>
      <varlistentry>
        <term>
          <option>-H</option>
        </term>
        <listitem>
	  <para>
	    Disables the printing of a column header row.
	  </para>
        </listitem>
      </varlistentry>
    </variablelist>

    <variablelist remap='IP'>
      <varlistentry>
        <term>
          <option>-l</option>
        </term>
        <listitem>
	  <para>
            Display cells which could not be interpreted as valid
            registry structures at the end of the output.
	  </para>
        </listitem>
      </varlistentry>
    </variablelist>

    <variablelist remap='IP'>
      <varlistentry>
        <term>
          <option>-L</option>
        </term>
        <listitem>
	  <para>
            Do not display cells which could not be interpreted as valid
            registry structures.  This is the default behavior.
	  </para>
        </listitem>
      </varlistentry>
    </variablelist>

    <variablelist remap='IP'>
      <varlistentry>
        <term>
          <option>-r</option>
        </term>
        <listitem>
	  <para>
            Display raw cell contents for cells which were interpreted as intact
            data structures.  This additional output will appear on the same
            line as the interpreted data.
	  </para>
        </listitem>
      </varlistentry>
    </variablelist>

    <variablelist remap='IP'>
      <varlistentry>
        <term>
          <option>-R</option>
        </term>
        <listitem>
	  <para>
            Do not display raw cell contents for cells which were interpreted
            as intact data structures.  This is the default behavior.
	  </para>
        </listitem>
      </varlistentry>
    </variablelist>

    <variablelist remap='IP'>
      <varlistentry>
        <term>
          <option><replaceable>registry-file</replaceable></option>
        </term>
        <listitem>
	  <para>
	    Required argument.  Specifies the location of the
	    registry file to read.  The system registry files should be
	    found under:
	    <command>%SystemRoot%/system32/config</command>.
	  </para>
        </listitem>
      </varlistentry>
    </variablelist>
  </refsect1>

  <refsect1 id='output'>
    <title>OUTPUT</title>
    <para>
      <!-- XXX: this should be a bit more formal -->
      <command>reglookup-recover</command> generates a comma-separated values (CSV) 
      like output and writes it to stdout. For more information on the syntax of 
      the general format, see <command>reglookup(1)</command>.
    </para>
    <para>
      This tool is new and the output format, particularly the included columns, 
      may change in future revisions.  When this format stablizes, additional
      documentation will be included here.
    </para>
  </refsect1>

  <refsect1 id='examples'>
    <title>EXAMPLES</title>
    <para>
      To dump the recoverable contents of a system registry hive:
    </para>
    <para>
      <screen>
	reglookup-recover /mnt/win/c/WINDOWS/system32/config/system
      </screen>
    </para>
    <para>
      Extract all available unallocated data, including unparsable unallocated
      space and the raw data associated with parsed cells in a user-specific
      registry:
    </para>
    <para>
      <screen>
	reglookup-recover -r -l '/mnt/win/c/Documents and Settings/user/NTUSER.DAT'
      </screen>
    </para>
  </refsect1>

  <refsect1 id='bugs'>
    <title>BUGS</title>
    <para>
      This program has been smoke-tested against most current Windows target 
      platforms, but a comprehensive test suite has not yet been developed.
      (Please report results to the development mailing list if you encounter
       any bugs.  Sample registry files and/or patches are greatly appreciated.)
    </para>
    <para>
      This program is new as of RegLookup release 0.9.0 and should be considered 
      unstable.
    </para>
    <para>
      For more information on registry format details and the recovery 
      algorithm, see:
        http://sentinelchicken.com/research/registry_format/
        http://sentinelchicken.com/research/registry_recovery/
    </para>
  </refsect1>

  <refsect1 id='credits'>
    <title>CREDITS</title>
    <para>
      This program was written by Timothy D. Morgan.
    </para>
  </refsect1>

  <refsect1 id='license'>
    <title>LICENSE</title>
    <para>
      Please see the file "LICENSE" included with this software
      distribution.
    </para>
    <para>      
      This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
      but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
      MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
      GNU General Public License version 3 for more details.
    </para>
  </refsect1>

  <refsect1 id='seealso'>
    <title>SEE ALSO</title>
    <para>
      reglookup-timeline(1) reglookup-recover(1)
    </para>
  </refsect1>
</refentry>
