.TH "reglookup" 1 "" ""

.SH NAME
.RS
reglookup \- Windoze NT/2K/XP registry reader/lookup tool
.RE

.SH SYNOPSIS
.RS
reglookup [options] <REGISTRY_FILE>
.RE

.SH DESCRIPTION
.RS
reglookup is designed to read Windoze registry elements and
print them out to stdout.  It has several filtering options to
narrow the focus of the output.
.RE

.SH OPTIONS
.RS
\-f<PREFIX_FILTER>	
.RS
Specify a path filter.  Only keys/values under this
registry path will be output.
.RE
.RE

.RS
\-k	TODO
.RE

.RS
\-p	TODO
.RE

.RS
\-s	TODO
.RE

.RS
\-t<TYPE_FILTER>
.RS
Specify a type filter.  Only elements which match this
registry data type will be printed.  Acceptable values
are: SZ,EXPAND_SZ,BIN,DWORD,MULTI_SZ,KEY
.RE
.RE

.RS
\-v	Verbose output.
.RE

.RS
REGISTRY_FILE
.RS
Required argument.  Specifies the location of the
registry file to read.  Typically, these files will be
found on a Windoze partition under
%SystemRoot%/system32/config. 
.RE
.RE

.SH EXAMPLES
.RS
To read and print an entire registry:
.RE

.RS
\fBreglookup /mnt/win/c/WINNT/system32/config/system\fR
.RE

.RS
To limit the output to just those entries under the Services
key: 
.RE

.RS
\fBreglookup \-f'$$$PROTO.HIV/ControlSet002/Services' /mnt/win/c/WINNT/system32/config/system\fR
.RE

.RS
To limit the output to all registry values of type BIN:
.RE

.RS
\fBreglookup \-tBIN /mnt/win/c/WINNT/system32/config/system\fR
.RE

.RS
And to limit the output to BIN values under the Services key:
.RE

.RS
\fBreglookup \-tBIN \-f'$$$PROTO.HIV/ControlSet002/Services' /mnt/win/c/WINNT/system32/config/system\fR
.RE

.SH BUGS
.RS
Path filtering is currently a slow hack.
.RE

.RS
The current incarnation of this program has only been tested on
Windoze 2000.
.RE

.RS
You'll notice that registry paths aren't all the same as the
ones the equivalents you see in Windoze.  Don't ask me why that
is.  I just work here.
.RE

.RS
This software should be considered unstable at this time.
.RE

.SH CREDITS
.RS
This program is based on editreg.c by Richard Sharpe.
.RE

.RS
It has since been modified by Timothy D. Morgan.
.RE

.RS
Please see source code for a full list of copyrights.
.RE

.SH LICENSE
.RS
Please see the file "LICENSE" included with this software
distribution.
.RE

.RS
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License version 2 for more details.
.RE

.\" man code generated by txt2tags 2.0 (http://txt2tags.sf.net)
.\" cmdline: txt2tags --mask-email -t man -o man/man1/reglookup.1 reglookup.txt

